Fix typo in Pro-Changes.md (#89)
thbar/kiba: Pro-Changes.md

HEAD
----

> - New: `SQLBulkLookup` transform allows to efficiently lookup values in SQL tables. This is particularly useful in datawarehouses scenario (to replace unique business keys by surrogate keys), or when writing migrations of SQL databases. Instead of looking-up each row individually, it avoids a "N+1" like effect, by working on large batches of rows.

Reviewer: Might I recommend

```suggestion
- New: `SQLBulkLookup` transform allows to efficiently lookup values in SQL tables. This is particularly useful in datawarehouse scenarios (to replace unique business keys by surrogate keys), or when writing migrations of SQL databases. Instead of looking-up each row individually, it avoids a "N+1" like effect, by working on large batches of rows.
```

instead?
